Welcome back!
I'm Emily, and
I've been working in security education
at Google for nearly nine years.
My team works closely with our remarkable
security experts to craft innovative and
engaging educational solutions for
our workforce to keep
security at the forefront.
I'll be your instructor for
the remainder of the course to discuss
important career-related topics,
such as
how to engage with the security community,
find jobs in the security field, create a
resume, and navigate the interview process.
We're approaching the end
of the certificate program,
what an incredible journey it's been so
far.
We've discussed a lot up to this point,
including incident detection and escalation,
and the roles that stakeholders
play in protecting an organization.
We've also explored the sensitive nature
of the communications we share and
strategies for conveying critical
information to stakeholders.
But does the learning stop now that we're
approaching the end of the program?
Absolutely not!
In the following videos,
we'll identify reliable security
resources you can use to stay
up-to-date on security news and trends.
Then, we'll share some ways to become
involved with the security community.
We'll end with a discussion
about how to establish and advance
a career in security.
Coming up, we'll highlight some great
resources to help you stay current on
what's happening in the security industry.